Merge deployment and development Dockerfiles (#20480)
mozilla/addons-server: docs/topics/install/docker.rst

Reviewer: we suggest using `docker-compose` in a few other places in this file - they probably need updating with `--user` too

    cd addons-server
    # Download the containers
    docker-compose pull  # Can take a while depending on your internet bandwidth.
    make initialize  # Answer yes, and create your superuser when asked.
    # On Windows you can substitute `make initialize` by the following commands:
    docker-compose run --rm --user olympia web make initialize

>     docker-compose up -d

Reviewer: needs updating.
I did
```
docker-compose run --rm --user 9500:9500 web make update_deps
docker-compose up -d
docker-compose exec --user olympia web make initialize
```
but maybe `--user 9500:9500` can be substituted for `--user olympia` too?

Author: Yeah in your case `olympia` should be `9500` (it's the default value, and on Windows we are not overriding that with the `uid` from the host)

.. note::

   Docker requires the code checkout to exist within your home directory so
   that Docker can mount the source-code into the container.

>    Because the containers need to match the user/group permissions from your
>    host machine, on non-windows machines make sure to run ``make initialize``
>    once before running ``docker-compose up -d`` for the first time. That will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   On Mac and Linux, because the containers need to match the user/group permissions from your
   host machine, make sure to run ``make initialize``
   once before running ``docker-compose up -d`` for the first time. That will
```
